do you mind revealing your score I got a
perfect score are you taking the SCT
soon do you need a higher score you
probably stressed out but don't panic
because I visited the top universities
Harvard and MIT to ask the students what
are your top SATs study tips
what are your SATs study tips try to
speak with proper grammar the month
before and then when you take the
English section it'll be a lot easier to
remember oh okay okay well that's
actually basically like applying while
you're learning in a sense right you're
speaking with the grammar that you're
supposed to write with yeah exactly
okay do practice tests over and over
again it's sit down have the timer do
the practice tests I don't think going
to classes for SAT prep is necessarily
as good as actually solving through a
practice test and like correcting it
yourself because I say tea prep places
usually give you back corrected versions
of it and it's different when you're
doing it yourself I feel like it gets in
your head more like oh that's why I got
it wrong okay awesome I find a lot of
students don't really know how to study
for the SAT because the
is actually a test based on your
functional skills so it's not really
based on knowledge like the ACP is I
think you should just take tests take
practice tests and learn the skills
either reading passages or math and do
practice over and over again until you
don't miss the same questions a second
time you'll get better and better scores
each just practice just keep doing
practice like COD Academy is really good
there's different sets of books that you
could get all I could say is practice
the more like you keep seeing the kind
of questions that they ask the better
that you'll be equipped to answering
those kind of questions what kind of
books did you yeah Princeton Review has
a pretty good book I did use a lot of
Khan Academy if you guys are familiar
with Khan Academy College Board has a
few books that I liked as well find out
why you missed the questions from each
practice that you do on the SAT figure
out what's the link between what you did
wrong and the right answer and change
some kind of habit in your head so that
you can do something different the next
time you encounter a similar type of
problem and that's how you really like
learn things in general yeah
get feedback on what you did blog and
then do it the right way to make sense
right a couple days before the exam go
over practice problems I think I think
for SATs you should probably go over
practice problems maybe you like more
than a couple days before the actual
exam do not cram take your time set out
a good work schedule because your brain
is more likely to learn things when you
should expose it to it over a certain
period of time then if you try to like
egg cram things over one night like that
like how long did you spend studying for
this ad like a month but not like super
hard studying just like taking a
practice test here and there how many
times did you take the SAT I only took
it once wow that's awesome how long did
you take to study for the SAT so the
school I went to we did practice SATs as
an entire school so we did a practice
maybe once a year since I was like in
the ninth grade but I didn't take it too
seriously until my junior year when I
actually took the SAT okay did you take
multiple times I did take it more full
times I took it twice okay how many
practice tests you
I I did a lot but in a very short time
so I probably did 20 or so practice
tests
I took my SAT in the summertime so I had
a week off from school and I just did a
lot of practice tests about me you did
20 in one week and then you just went in
to take the test
yeah that's all you practice I took it
twice the first time I also practice a
bit leaning up for the test
okay Wow
but I think the most important thing is
if you are already doing solidly in
school in your classes then you're gonna
have to face ingredient writing and math
skills so build that foundation and that
happens throughout your four years just
don't stress out about it too much when
you're actually in the exam everyone is
also as stress as you are so or it's as
important to them as it is to you so you
don't have to feel like it's a huge
burden to take I guess did you stress I
think the more you prepare the less
stress you'll be so that's good I guess
don't be too hard on yourself you're not
defined by your score just see your best
and whatever happens happen there's a
lot of factors that go into your life
and and how you're gonna work in things
like that one exam it's gonna feel like
the entire world is crumbling if you do
poorly on one exam at one point but it's
not true you're not gonna remember it
five ten years later before you leave I
have one more study tip for you
subscribe and turn on the notifications
so you won't miss out on more juicy
study tips I'll see you in the next
video peace
top-3 SAT so that's like 40 years ago